README.md, before:

#  POC step by step
``` zsh 
git clone https://github.com/rondinif/react-data-export-dataset-poc.git
cd react-data-export-dataset-poc
npm i
npm --ignore-scripts=false run build
# serve the dist folder
# navigate to the page and press export button
# open the downloaded xlsx
```
![](./assets/install-deps.png)
![](./assets/build.png)
![](./assets/serve.png)
![](./assets/browse.png)
![](./assets/download-xlsx.png)

# references
## related question 
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62071731/export-two-excel-data-into-single-excel-sheet-by-adding-heading-and-some-calcula/62132131#62132131

## related answer 
https://stackoverflow.com/a/62132131/1657028

<!-- 
## references used for the poc 
https://medium.com/@paul.allies/react-create-app-without-react-create-app-7c8341282645
### .gitignore
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/facebook/react/master/.gitignore
### basic reactdom example 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40407632/how-to-render-a-react-component-using-reactdom-render
https://stackoverflow.com/a/40408239/1657028
https://stackoverflow.com/a/43028918/1657028
-->

Commit message:

docs(upd): refs to additional heading branch

README.md, after:

#  POC step by step
``` zsh 
git clone https://github.com/rondinif/react-data-export-dataset-poc.git
cd react-data-export-dataset-poc
npm i
npm --ignore-scripts=false run build
# serve the dist folder
# navigate to the page and press export button
# open the downloaded xlsx
```
![](./assets/install-deps.png)
![](./assets/build.png)
![](./assets/serve.png)
![](./assets/browse.png)
![](./assets/download-xlsx.png)


## additional headings 
the above steps are dor a basic to export multiple data multple table in the same sheet; 
for additional header like this:  
![](./assets/download-xlsx-with-additional-headers.png)
plese see the [additional-headings branch](https://github.com/rondinif/react-data-export-dataset-poc/tree/additional-headings) 

# references
## related question 
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62071731/export-two-excel-data-into-single-excel-sheet-by-adding-heading-and-some-calcula/62132131#62132131

## related answer 
https://stackoverflow.com/a/62132131/1657028

<!-- 
## references used for the poc 
https://medium.com/@paul.allies/react-create-app-without-react-create-app-7c8341282645
### .gitignore
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/facebook/react/master/.gitignore
### basic reactdom example 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40407632/how-to-render-a-react-component-using-reactdom-render
https://stackoverflow.com/a/40408239/1657028
https://stackoverflow.com/a/43028918/1657028
-->
